
voiceover:  Mountain environments are fascinating, yet,  extremely vulnerable to climate changes  -landslides, floods and avalanches, can endanger economic activities and put at survival  risk small towns and villages.

Slide 2


voiceover: 
- any realistic strategy to counter these risks is necessarily based on constant monitoring and on a thorough maintenance activity
- maintenance operations are currently executed by specialised personnel, able to reach the operation areas
 through mountaineering techniques and to execute complex operations while hanging from a rope. 
- the scarcity of personnel with these skills and the inherent danger of the environment suggest the application of a robotic solution.



Slide 3:


voiceover: The solution should satisfy vital requirements that are out of reach for conventional solution, namely: carry a heavy payload, be able to move quicly along the wall
and to overcome obstacles on the way where the robot could be trapped, and, finally, be autonomous in performing maintenance operation



TEXT 1: 
Novel concept of a climbing robot 
buttet) reach target on slanted /vertical wall 
bullet) optimal control strategy 
bullet) obstacle avoidance 

TEXT 2: 
Control inputs:
bullet) Impulsive pushing force on the wall
bullet) winding /unwinding rope mechanism   

TODO: change VOICEOVER: 
...wall, and the retraction force applied  by a winding unwinding rope mechanism   

2) add a slide with title "Tests " or Experiment 

VOICEOVER:
we present simulation results that show how the
control inputs obtained running the optimization 
 are able to bring the robot to a desired target.

TODO: remove text, keep only voice

2) Simplified model Validation video (Matlab)  (check the time and understand the speed)

TODO do VOICEOVER:_
The first experiment we show is a validation of the trajectory in a  Matlab environment with the simplified model. 

3) validation_gaz1 with title "Validation Experiment" 0.2X

TODO: crop white canvas borders


VOICEOVER:
then we perform the validation with the full nine degrees of freedom model, 
showing that the simplified model is a good  approximation to plan 
 jump motions that do not involve angular motions.  


4) followed validation_gaz2 with transitions, like in a movie 0.2X

VOICEOVER:
the small error at the target it is  due to the  discrepancy between the models, 
and the lack of a controller which is part of future works. 

TODO: remove text, only voice

5) validation_gaz_top  0.2X

TODO: do not cut the leg reorientation that is shown in the first 7 seconds of the video!

VOICEOVER: before the lift-off the leg reorients in the impulse direction
to avoid the generation of centroidal moments that would start pivoting motions about the rope axis  


6) exp1 with title "Experiment 1"       0.4X

VOICEOVER: next we show jumps to different target points from the same lift-off location on the wall

7) exp2 with aside exp2lat with title "Experiment 2"     0.4X

8) exp3 with aside exp3lat with title "Experiment 3"     0.4X

9) exp4 with title "Experiment 4: slanted lift-off"      0.4X


TODO: you cutted the push! start the video at second 9 to see the red impulse

VOICEOVER: In this experiment we initiated the jump lifting-off from the rock pillar 
demonstrating the approach is effective also for slanted surfaces 

10) reachable region video

VOICEOVER:
Finally we discovered that the achievable targets are affected by the friction coefficient at the lift-off location, therefore we performed 
a reachability analysis to numerically to derive a  region of reachable targets. 


TODO strongly reduce the duration of the reachable region video (e.g by half)

TODO add to voice over
You can see that there is a limited number of   targets that are reachable  out of the friction boundaries, 
and that they  involve high energy consumption from the  retraction mechanism 


TODO add 
TEXT1:
green point: lift-off location
red shaded area: friction bounds

after a while when you show the reachable region fromm the right side (e.g. where there are low points)
add 
TEXT2:
Reachable targets are limited by friction limits



voiceover: with the aim to increase the reachability region and improve controllability of lateral motions, we are studying two solutions: one with a slider joint and another with two anchor points. 
the second looks more promising in terms of deployability and capability to perform maintenance operations. 



11) Final slide with title and autthors and logos


Note: validation_gaz1, validation_gaz2,validation_gaz_top exp4 have been recorded at 0.1 not at 0.2! so you need to doubble their speed!
